A borrowed sword
Sword in the sky
play tricks
left and right
move forward
What kind of sword is this?
Chiba Excalibur
Can die by this sword
You are
Ward Duanfu Jiuzhong
Even if you don't want to see the little master
1/10,000 of its power
I still can't get up
Fart hailing is so beautiful
You take turns dancing with your two sons
today
You and I will return you three swords tiger escalator
First sword
Behead you, the Li family is bullying others
Second sword
You allowed your son to rob his wife
Third Sword
You know your son has committed a monstrous mistake
Return to Hong Kong
Crime against Yamamoto Belle
Then you make a decision